## Delegated Proof of Stake 

### Overview
Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) is a consensus algorithm in which cryptocurrency owners exercise voting rights in proportion to their respective stakes to select their representatives, and make decesions by consensus among these representatives. It is similar to a representative democracy system in which parliaments are formed by electing members as representatives of the people.  

Delegated Proof of Stake is a consensus method in which nodes exercise their voting rights according to the amount of coins held to produce a kind of agent who will perform important decision-making powers. This was nicknamed "token democracy" because coin holders delegated their authority to elect representatives, similar to representative democracy. In the case of the delegated proof-of-stake method, transaction details only need to be approved by a few representative nodes, so the processing speed is much faster. Ethereum processes 20 TPS (Transaction per Second) on average, whereas EOS can process 3000 TPS, so the advantage in terms of speed has already been verified.  

However, in September 2018, a suspicion was raised that some of the representative nodes in charge of EOS block generation voted for each other to maintain the block creator status. Accordingly, it was known than there was a fatal flaw in the method of proving the mandate. As such, the delegation proof-of-stake method has a limitation in that the blockchain ecosystem can be dominated by a small number of representative nodes when the voter turnout of general nodes is low.

### Background
Because the blockchain does not have a center, a governance structure is needed for multiple users to make joint decisions. Governance is a system in which numerous participants discuss and decide with each other for a common goal. In the existing server-client structure, when a decision is made in the server, users on the client-side passively accept the decision made in the server. However, the blockchain is a decentralized P2P method. Since there is no central to making decisions, governance for all users participating in the network can reach consensus in an equal relationship and automatically implement it systematically. We need a consensus algorithm.

The first consensus algorithm introduced in the blockchain system is a proof-of-work method. PoW is an algorithm that proves you have participated in the work by repeating the process of finding a hash below the target value(threshold) countless times. This PoW is called mining because it is similar to digging many rocks with a pickaxe to dig gold in a mine. The user who first finds a hash below the target value through mining constructs the block, connects it to the chain and receives a newly issued coin in return.

### Tremendous waste of electricity
The proof-of-work method causes enormous server resources and electricity waste. Only one user won the mining competition, but many other people who participated in the competition consume huge server resources and electricity without any income. For example, if 100 nodes compete to mine one block, server resources and electricity used by the remaining 99 nodes except for successful mines are useless waste. If the competition for mining intensifies and the competition rate is 1:100,000, server resources and electricity used for 99,999 nodes are wasted. As the server resources used for mining increase, the difficulty of mining increases, and the waste of resources put by the rest of the people except for one person increases.

### Undemocratic decision making
As competition for mining according to the proof-of-work method intensifies, undemocratic decision-making is a concern as several mining companies form mining pools to jointly mine. Individuals and companies formed a mining pool that mines jointly and distributes profits together, rather than a solo mining method. Miners connected to the network through the mining pool can operate like a supercomputer and increase the mining success rate. Individual participants can receive profits in proportion to the hash power of the miners provided by them. Bitmain, led by China's CEO Jihan Wu, created Antpool and BTC.com mining pools and invested in ViaBTC. The combined hash computing power amounts to about 40% of the world's hash computing power. Although it is a simple assumption, if several top mining pool operators fix, it is possible to forgery or alters the existing transaction details through a 51% attack on the blockchain.  
 
Blockchain is a project initially started with decentralized distributed management, opposed to a centralized decision-making structure. However, as mining companies formed mining pools, decision-making authority was concentrated on a small number of mining pool operators. For example, when conducting 'SegWit' to improve the processing speed of bitcoin, decision-making was delayed for a considerable period due to the opposition of China's CEO Jihan Wu, who is called the mining king. CEO Jihan Wu, who dominates more than 40% of the world's hash power, was so significant that it was difficult to proceed with a hard fork only with the agreement of the bitcoin developer community. In the end, it was only after a New York agreement with Jihan Wu that bitcoin 'SegWit' could proceed as of Aug 1, 2017. As such, the ideal goal of "decentralized management" that the blockchain dreamed of has not escaped the influence of massive miners. As a result, the original purpose of the decentralized blockchain is seriously undermined.

### Proof-of-Work alternative
Various alternative consensus algorithms are emerging to prevent competition for mining according to the proof-of-work method and the resulting enormous waste of electricity and undemocratic decision-making. Proof-of-Stake (PoS) is a method that gives decision-making authority in proportion to the percentage of ownership in the cryptocurrency. It is similar to having the right to make decisions in proportion to the shareholding ratio at the general shareholders' meeting. The proof-of-stake method does not require a mining process that consumes enormous electricity. Cryptocurrencies such as Qtum and Peercoin use a proof-of-stake. Stratis initially used the proof-of-work method but changed it to the PoS. Ethereum is also planning to change from the current PoW to a PoS. There is a problem that the PoS is vulnerable to a grinding attack. In other words, there is a disadvantage that the last block generator can produce a result that is advantageous to the user by pre-calculating the random variable used for the next block generation.

### Proof-of-Stake alternative
As criticism of proof-of-stake, the Delegated Proof-of-Stake (DPoS) method emerged. This is a method in which cryptocurrency owners select their representatives by exercising their voting rights in proportion to their respective stakes and make decisions by consensus among these representatives. It is similar to a representative democracy system in which a parliament is formed by electing members as representatives of the people. Unlike the proof-of-stake, the delegated proof-of-stake does not allow anyone to become a representative. To become a representative, you have to go through a vote. At this time, the name changes, and the person elected through voting is called the representative. The elected representatives generate blocks. More than 2/3 of approval is required to confirm the block. The representative's status is maintained only by participating in the block set-up within a certain amount of time. Unlike proof-of-stake, it has the advantage of processing much more transactions at the same time and no fees.

### EOS
Currently, about 1,000 DApps are running on the Ethereum platform. Because of this, the transmission speed has become slower than in the past. However, to compete with companies like eBay, Uber, AirBnB, and Facebook, you need a blockchain technology that can process the information of tens of millions of users every day. EOS adopted a Delegated Proof of Stake (DPOS) consensus algorithm to solve this transaction speed problem. All token holders elect 21 block producers (BPs) and then entrust them with the operation of the blockchain. This is because a faster process is possible by verifying transactions only in 21 nodes than verifying transactions in all nodes. The Delegated Proof-of-Stake (DPoS) method is called 'token democracy' because EOS coin holders can directly participate in voting to elect a block producer. Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) is not a method of deriving consensus from the entire network but a method in which only 21 elected representative nodes participate in the consensus process, so transaction processing is inevitably faster. Because of this, Ethereum averages 20 TPS (Transaction per Second), while EOS is recoding a fast transaction processing speed of 3,000 TPS on average.

#### Block Producer (BP):
To participate in EOS's Block Producer (BP), you must first launch a DApp-type service implemented on the EOS platform. In June 2018, for implementing the DPoS consensus algorithm, EOS voted to select a block producer (BP) among 180 candidate companies from 28 countries worldwide. In Korea, two EOS block generators were born.

Supernodes of 21 teams selected for the first time in the history of EOS generate one block every 0.5 seconds. It will create a maximum of 252 blocks in one round. Even if a vote is received, if a block producer (BP) fails to generate a block for 24 hours, the position is automatically deprived. For this reason, block producers should always have a high-efficiency system to avoid losing the competition. They receive about 10-20% of EOS coins newly issued annually by 3-5%.

EOS's block producer votes are aggregated in real-time. If a block producer causes a problem, it is designed to be re-voted every 126 seconds to be quickly expelled. In other words, EOS coin holders vote for a block producer candidate they support at any time, and the system calculates it every 2 minutes and 6 seconds. They may deprive block producers of the existing 21 teams of their status according to the voting rate every 2 minutes and 6 seconds, one round, or they may be placed in a waiting candidate for 100 teams. A new candidate may take over the status of block producers.

#### Turnout of EOS:
EOS turnout has not risen, converging around 22%. The reason is that for EOS coin holders to vote, they must take the risk of coin price fluctuations as they have to stake their EOS coin to be untradeable for three days. In addition, there is a part where small investors are reluctant to vote because they have the right to vote as much as they own coins due to the large hands holding a large number of coins. As a result, there is a high probability that block producers who present the policies desired by the big players will be elected. Transactions that require specific conditions from block producers have been made. To solve this problem, Block One CEO Brendan Brumer promised to withdraw the 4% inflation compensation policy in the EOS ecosystem at the end of July 2018 and distribute it to EOS voters. This also means that by giving more rewards to voters, the turnout will increase considerably, and It will establish a healthy EOS ecosystem.

### Tezos
Tezos uses a Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) consensus algorithm similar to EOS. However, instead of selecting a representative through an election like EOS, a representative is chosen randomly from users who have more than 10,000 Tezos coins. In general, in a blockchain structure, a node in a distributed peer-to-peer (P2P) network, provides the computing resources necessary to keep the network running and operating and participates in the consensus process for decision making. However, unlike other delegated proof-of-stake protocols, Tezos allows all users to participate in the Tezos consensus process and is rewarded from the protocol in return for contributing to the security and stability of the network. Tezos' delegated proof-of-stake algorithm is designed to select randomly users who have over a specific number of coins. This means that even if you have a minimal amount of tokens, you have a chance to create blocks and get rewards. As such, Tezos' unique delegated proof-of-stake consensus algorithm allows all users to verify transactions on the network and is rewarded by the protocol.

The suitability of block generation is decided by a vote of bakers who represent Tezos coins. In Tezos, a baker is a slang term for Tezos compared to a 'bread baker' as a person who verifies the blockchain. Baking is the act of signing and publishing a block on the Tezos blockchain. This is an essential component of the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism. The representative bakers ensure that all transactions in a block are correct, the transaction order is agreed upon, and no double-spending has occurred.

Unlike EOS, Tezos does not elect bakers. In Tezos, only nodes holding 10,000 or more of the cryptocurrency XTZ can participate in verifying and creating blocks. In other words, only bakers with more than 10,000 XTZ can bake bread. The basic block generation cycle of Tezos is 1 minute. General users who are not representatives participate in the network by delegating their stake to the representative. The more tokens delegated to the baker, the greater the chance of verifying the block. Bakers are rewarded for network security and through Tezos' 5.5% inflation rate.

The difference between Tezos and EOS's Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) is that it can expand blocks even if it receives fewer votes. However, the less they receive, the less power they have to expand. Tezos builds a democratic ecosystem because it does not divide those who receive fewer votes through a hard fork but expands together while giving them the same opportunity. This way, in theory, unlike Bitcoin, you don't have to face the factional issues surrounding upgrades.